Data Structures
1. Red Black Trees

Coding Problems:
1. The Knightâ€™s tour problem
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/the-knights-tour-problem/

2. Intersection of Two Linked Lists
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/write-a-function-to-get-the-intersection-point-of-two-linked-lists/

3. Delete N nodes after M nodes of a linked list
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/delete-n-nodes-after-m-nodes-of-a-linked-list/

4. Swapping Nodes in a Linked List
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/swap-nodes-in-a-linked-list-without-swapping-data/

5. Odd Even Linked List
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/rearrange-a-linked-list-such-that-all-even-and-odd-positioned-nodes-are-together/

6. Merge K sorted linked lists
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/merge-k-sorted-linked-lists/

7. Palindrome Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/description/

8. Simplify Path
https://leetcode.com/problems/simplify-path/description/

9. Decode a String 
https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-string/description/

10. Generate Binary Numbers
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/generate-binary-numbers-1587115620/1

11. Minimum Cost of ropes
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/minimum-cost-of-ropes-1587115620/1

12. Job Sequencing Problem
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/job-sequencing-problem-1587115620/1

13. Reverse First K elements of Queue
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/reverse-first-k-elements-of-queue/1

14. Maximum of all subarrays of size k
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/maximum-of-all-subarrays-of-size-k3101/1

15. Maximum Balanced String Partitions
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/maximum-balanced-string-partitions/

16. Kth largest odd number in a given range
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/kth-largest-odd-number-in-a-given-range/

17. Lexicographically smallest string of length N and sum K
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/lexicographically-smallest-string-of-length-n-and-sum-k/

18. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/

19. Check if a Binary Tree is uni-valued or not
https://leetcode.com/problems/univalued-binary-tree/description/

20. Delete leaf nodes with values as x
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/delete-leaf-nodes-value-x/

21. Find All Duplicate Subtrees
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-duplicate-subtrees/description/

22. Maximum Path Sum in a Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-maximum-path-sum/description/

23. Find the Closest Element in BST
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-the-closest-element-in-bst/1

24. Find k-th smallest element in BST
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-k-th-smallest-element-in-bst/1

25. Brothers From Different Roots
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/brothers-from-different-root/1

26. Maximum Sum BST in Binary Tree
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-bst-in-binary-tree/description/
